Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Santa?
I knew you were real.
- Well. hello there Kirra.
- You know my name?
Oh my gosh. I knew it.
Off course. I know your name.
I can't believe I'm
talking to Santa right now.
You're supposed to be
sleeping.
I'm sorry I startled you.
That's okay.
Hey. thank you for the milk and
cookies.
I would have made you cocoa.
but since my grandma died we
haven't had any in the house.
It was her favorite.
I know your grandma's very
proud of you.
I miss her a lot.
Christmas was your
favorite time of the year.
We used to read Christmas
stories together.
She wrote her own Christmas
story that only me and her read.
What was the name of it?
"Kirra the Christmas Elf."
It was about me.
I've never told anybody that
before.
That's okay. I promise
I won't tell anybody.
I know she's watching over you
right now.
Hey. just one second.
Merry Christmas. Kirra.
Thank you Santa.
Well. go ahead and open it.
Okay.
I don't mean to be ungrateful.
but did I do something wrong
to get on the naughty list?
Why. what is it?
Coal.
Oh my goodness Kirra.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sure this is a mistake.
That's okay Santa everybody
makes mistakes sometimes.
Merry Christmas.
You know what?
I'm gonna fix Christmas.
Do you believe in magic?
Not really
Well. you're about to.
Winnie?
Get in my office now.
Oh. he's mad.
Winnie sit down.
I think you know why you're
here.
I don't.
Tonight. I gave a little girl
a present
that was not on her list.
but the label said it was.
Do you have any idea how that
happened?
No. Santa I don't.
I'll have a word with the
elves in charge of labels.
That wasn't the first mistake
tonight.
A lot of the presents had the
wrong label.
and the reindeer they've missed
meals.
I said I will have
a word with the elves.
Winnie. I'm sick and tired of
this.
You're supposed to be the
leader.
Santa. I will fix this.
Winnie. it's too late.
I have no choice but to...
To what?
Gather your things.
put them on my desk.
move yourself to the stable.
you're on cleanup duty.
Santa. I will fix this.
Winnie. it's too late.
I now have to fix this.
Key please.
Key.
I don't believe we've
met.
are you new?
No. not really. we've
actually met quite a few times.
but I have a very forgettable
face.
I'm Lovey. sir.
I'm sorry. there's so many
faces.
I promised when I come back
I'll learn everybody's name.
and call me Santa.
Yes. sir. Santa.
Well. I really must
get going.
I'm on it Santa.
Santa Claus. cute name.
Bye.
Is everything okay?
It will be.
How do you feel about being the
head elf?
Me head elf?
What do you mean?
Will you fire. Santa wants to...
No.
I think Santa needs to step back
and let me handle Christmas.
What's with the creepy laugh?
Laugh with me.
Okay.
Here's your hot coco.
I had to fire Winnie today.
Halfway through Christmas.
But you fixed it.
You are a magical man.
Do you think I did the right
thing?
I think that you did what you
had to do.
Look. you make millions of
children's so happy and excited.
But Kirra got coal.
Exactly. we need prove
she's not head elf material.
You need to do what's best.
I'm not head elf material?
I'll show them.
Show them what. Winnie?
Am I head elf material?
Yeah. totally.
I mean. I couldn't do it.
maybe I could.
No. you couldn't.
Head of Elf Olie has got a
ring to it.
There's no ring to it.
it's a terrible idea.
Follow me.
Following.
Olie in here.
Watch the door.
Tell me if anyone's coming.
Okay boss.
So they think they can fire
me.
Clean up reindeer poop.
come on.
Ah. Winnie boss.
What are you doing?
Something I should have
done a long time ago.
Are you thinking this through?
Yes.
This is great cocoa.
I'm glad you like it.
Oh. my face just went
numb.
What's in this cocoa?
You are tired.
I think you could use a little
break.
Why don't you take a week to
yourself.
I can't.
There's just so much to do.
I still need to find a head elf.
Leave it to me.
I'll make sure everything is
good.
Don't worry.
Oh. we've got elves.
- But I just got...
- Yeah. no buts.
I'll get the reindeer ready.
trust me you'll feel years
younger.
What would I do without you?
You can finish your
cocoa.
Thank you.
And you're welcome.
Winnie. can I have a word?
Sure. why not.
I hope you understand my
decision.
I understand that
you made a big mistake.
but I am gonna go clean the
stables now.
You don't have to right now.
Besides. I'm gonna be gone for a
while.
and Mrs. Claus will be in
charge.
Oh really. where are you
going?
It's a mini vacation.
Well. have a nice break.
and don't worry about this
place.
I'm sure Mrs. Claus will be just
fine.
Thank you Winnie.
Okay. oh give a sec. okay?
All right. look at you all set.
ready to go?
Are you sure you're gonna be
okay?
Yes. now go get some much
needed rest.
- But make sure to...
- No. I know.
- Oh and then.
- I know.
We've got this all under
control.
Merry Christmas to all
and to all a goodnight.
Merry Christmas.
Santa Claus.
Oh. oh. oh. what
happened?
Oh..
Oh. it's so red.
Oh. I looks so young.
Oh. what is happening.
Oh. nutcracker.
Oh. oh no. oh no.
My hat. where is my hat?
Okay. wait. calm down.
you need to find your hat.
if you find your hat you can
call home.
I just really need to find my
hat.
Oh. found it.
Hello.
Hello. who's this?
Mrs. Claus is not available
right now.
She's a little tide up.
And how are you feeling?
Maybe a little backwards.
Winnie. Winnie. what did you
do to me?
I gave you the gift to youth.
What do you mean the gift of
youth?
Oh no.
Winnie. whatever you're
planning please rethink it.
Goodbye. Santa.
Please. what happened
to your Christmas spirit?
Christmas is gonna be a
little different this year.
Olie. take her away.
Lock her up.
Um. boss.
Um. boss what?
Nothing. anything you say?
Can I get everyone's
attention?
Shut up?
Olie. Olie there's no need for
that.
Sorry boss.
Christmas is gonna
be different this year.
Olie?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
Coping what you said.
Why?
It sounds cool like echo.
Santa's is no longer with us.
Everyone go home.
Grieve this horrible news.
As the head elf I'll take
over as the new Santa.
Ho. ho. ho.
Go. go. go. you heard the elf.
What is happening?
This the life. Olie.
It's quiet.
What about all the toys?
What toys?
The toys for the
kids.
There'll be no toys.
All the kids have been naughty.
All of them?
Yes. all of them.
What are you doing here?
Hey. I was just wondering
when we should all come back for
work
to get ready for Christmas?
There's lots of work to do. toys
to make.
And who are you?
I'm Lovey?
Well Lobby.
It's Lovey.
Whatever. there'll be no toys
this year.
No toys?
You should be happy.
Santa's worked you all so hard.
We're elves it's what we do.
Not anymore.
Please go home Lobby.
It's Lovey.
Olie. will show you to the
door.
Santa would want us to make
toys.
Santa is gone.
Good bye.
Winnie. if that's you
please...
Mrs. Claus.
Yes.
I know I'm not supposed to be
here.
but Winnie has to be stopped.
What is she up to now?
Winnie stopped all the
elves from making toys.
Do you have my key?
No. Winnie has it.
There are two keys; I
have one and Santa has one.
but when he came back
from delivering presents
I couldn't find it anywhere.
I think he dropped it somewhere.
We need to find it.
that's how Santa gets home.
The keys are magic.
and so is his sleigh.
How do I find it?
There's a tracking device
inside.
The tracker is in Santa's
office.
Lovey. you are the only one
that can go into that office.
and find out where that key is.
You know my name.
Of course I do.
This is very brave of you.
Thank you.
Okay. now go.
Santa is running out of time.
Oh. when you get into
the office call Santa
on his hat phone.
Oh. nutcracker.
Santa always says that.
Okay. now go and good luck.
You can do this.
I can do it.
It's quiet without the elves.
It's peaceful get used to it.
Did you hear that?
Probably just some of the
reindeer.
Relax Olie.
Okay. call Santa.
♪ Jingle bells ♪
♪ Jingle all the way ♪
♪ Jingle ♪
Oh. that's my hat.
Ho. ho. ho. ho. hello.
Santa.
Yes.
It's Lovey.
we met very briefly you
probably don't remember me.
Lovey. of course I do.
You do?
Yes.
Anyway I'm calling you from
your office.
Mrs. Claus wanted me to contact
you.
Mrs. Claus. is she okay?
Can I speak to her?
She's not here but she's fine
for now.
Winnie has stopped all toy
development.
and has sent all of the elves
away.
I need you to listen
carefully.
I am desantafying.
It's much worse than that I'm
afraid.
What do you mean?
Winnie turn your time cane to
past.
So just turn it back to
present.
I would but Winnie has your
key.
A key.
I don't have my key.
of course it's the key.
Mrs. Claus says that she
thinks that you dropped it.
but it has a tracker so I
can find out where it is.
it's just gonna take me
a little bit of time.
Someone's coming.
Hello. Lovey. hello.
He's gone.
That was close.
We need to hurry and find the
key.
I'm running out of time.
Okay. I'll call you back.
and Santa. keep your hat on.
Okay. be careful and please
hurry.
Okay thanks.
Why me?
I'm just an elf.
Here goes.
I found it.
The key. it's okay.
it's okay Lovey is looking for
the key.
Lovey is looking for the key.
and then she's gonna call me on
my hat
which I have on my head.
It's okay.
I'm gonna be.
Oh. please not now.
Now is not a good.
Okay. sit down. sit down. here
we go.
she's right. you got this.
Oh nutcrackers.
Come on Santa. hurry.
Answer.
Hello. Lovey.
Did you locate the key?
Who is this?
Santa?
Yeah.
Oh.
What is everything okay?
Is everything okay with you?
I'm a teenager again.
Oh no.
It just happened.
I got a strange feeling like
before
at the time I was talking to
Mrs. Claus at the North Pole.
The time cane lit up.
We're running out of time.
Who knows when it's gonna happen
again.
You've got to get that key.
It's at 1313 Oakwood Street.
It's Kirra's house.
Right. I must have dropped
it when I was leaving.
I'll just go ask for it back.
Ah. I don't think it's gonna
be easy.
I mean. you're a teenager.
and I'm guessing you probably
don't look
like Santa Claus right now.
Someone's coming.
I gotta go.
Good luck. Santa. and
keep your hat close. okay?
Okay. I'm Santa.
Hi. I'm Santa. no.
Hello. I'm Sant. no.
Oh. man.
Hey man. it's Easter.
Gotta miss the.
Do you remember me?
I've been in your house.
No. that is gonna creep her out.
No one's gonna believe that I'm
Santa.
Mrs. Claus.
it's me Lovey.
Did you locate the key?
I did and I told Santa about
it.
He's working on it.
There's just one problem.
What is it?
- Well...
- Okay. Lovey hide.
Who you talking to?
I was just singing a song.
There isn't a whole lot to
do down here all by yourself.
What happened to you. Olie?
Why are you doing this?
You can stop it.
You can be the one that saves
Christmas.
You know if Santa doesn't get
back here by Christmas Eve
that is the end of Christmas.
Olie. Mrs. Claus?
I'll take it from here.
Mrs. Claus. you talk too much.
Winnie. after everything
that Santa has done for you.
Done for me?
Santa gets all the credit.
but who gets everything done?
Me.
Who's made this place what it
is?
Me.
Santa has had his time.
Now his time has come to an end.
You have said it all wrong.
You can still undo this.
This can't be undone.
it's all right
Lovey you can come out now.
Winnie is not gonna stop.
Well. let's hope Santa finds
that key.
Nice costume.
Mine.
Yes yours.
Merry Halloween.
Sorry. happy Halloween.
That's funny
because you're Santa.
Yeah. I am Santa.
I've seen you around town
when did you move here?
Well. no. I'm actually from
North Pole.
That's funny again.
You must really love
Christmas to be dressed
like that for Halloween.
Look. I'm actually
looking for something.
and I think you'll be able to
help me.
Oh. what?
Okay. this is gonna sound
completely crazy. but here goes.
Okay.
I really am Santa.
and I keep getting younger and
younger.
and by Christmas Eve
I'm gonna cease to exist
along with Christmas.
That's not really funny
anymore.
Look. I know it sounds
completely crazy.
I have to go.
Kirra. just please wait.
just hear me out.
I didn't tell you my name.
How do you know my name?
Have you been watching me?
No. maybe just a little bit.
- Can you please leave.
- I just need the key.
The key. how do you know about
the key?
It's key to know the North
Pole.
Did you break into my house?
No.
Like I've been in your house.
You know how this sounds?
Yeah. like really bad.
Please go and leave me alone.
That was mean.
You shouldn't be playing with
that.
Don't ruin my fun.
You're basically causing
earthquakes.
Hello. it's me Santa Claus.
It's upside down.
So turn everything off and...
lock it up.
And then...
that's it.
Oh. and try not to be
so sad around Winnie.
She aint gonna like it.
- Okay.
- She's the boss now.
What?
Kirra believes.
Why else would she take
the key on Christmas Eve?
Above.
Where?
Move forward. forward. forward.
Okay I got him. I got him now.
Next.
Next one is on me.
Thank you.
One more. one more. I want my
cookies
with no raisins this year.
We got 'em. okay.
All right. no. no. you let me
die.
Yeah. I'm talking to you.
I'm putting you in the naughty
list.
Come on Santa. pick up.
pick up. there's still time.
Please don't hang up. don't hang
up.
Where?
Oh.
I'm here. Lovey hello.
- Lovey?
- Hi Santa.
So the time cane hasn't gone
off in the last couple months.
and it's Christmas Eve.
and I'm pretty sure
you're still a teenager.
and you haven't found the key?
Yeah. I'm still a teenager.
and Kirra won't believe that I'm
Santa.
I mean. look at me.
I can't see you. Santa.
Midnight tonight Christmas
is gonna be gone forever.
You can't give up now.
I couldn't gat Kirra to
believe me for a whole year.
How am I gonna do it in 10
hours?
The key is on the move.
Just tell Mrs. Claus that.
wait what?
Kirra must have it with her.
It's always been in the house.
You have to try again there's
still time.
It's too late Lovey.
It's never too late Santa.
Go now I'm save Christmas.
Santa?
Yeah. I'm here.
You can do it. Santa.
Okay.
Let's save Christmas.
Yeah.
Can I borrow your skateboard?
I need to get to the North Pole.
Look. if I don't get to the
North Pole
by midnight Christmas is over.
I'll give you 20 bucks.
Okay sweet. thank you so much
Rayne.
Merry Christmas.
Tell Lorren I said thank
you. Merry Christmas.
Hey. where's my skateboard.
Santa took it.
What the?
All right. I'm in position.
All right. I see her.
Hey.
Who's that. do you know him?
We met once.
Are you waiting for me?
No. yeah. maybe.
That's creepy.
Look. can I just talk
to you for one minute?
Can you give us a second?
Sure. I'll be over there.
Why are you following me?
Look. I know all of this
sounds crazy.
but I really am Santa Claus.
and I don't know how much
longer I have as this age.
I just. I know at midnight
that's it.
so I just need the key.
and then I'll leave you alone.
I lost it.
No you didn't you have it on
you.
How did you know that?
Lovey tracked it?
She put a tracking device in it.
- Lovey?
- Yes. she's one of my elves.
Elves?
Nice try Santa. but if you
don't stop following me.
I will call the police.
"Kirra the Christmas elf."
that's it.
Hi everyone.
welcome to the 16th Annual
Christmas Tree Lighting.
We are so happy you're here.
so thank you for coming.
We have cocoa.
we have snacks.
and we have music.
Who doesn't love music?
So put your hands together
for The North Sound.
Merry Christmas and drive safe.
Thank you everybody.
I got a special song I wrote
just for you.
Merry Christmas.
♪ Wake up. it's a special
morning ♪
♪ Wake up ♪
♪ keep a smile on your face ♪
♪ We've waiting on you ♪
♪ Wake up feeling it's a
favorite thing ♪
♪ The summer is all about the
family ♪
Oh. come on.
You gotta get a better suit.
What's wrong with my suit?
♪ What's on the bed for me ♪
♪ No one could ever steal
the joy from Christmas ♪
What?
Kirra.
Did you follow me here?
'Cause I asked you to stop.
Look. I know how hard it
is to believe that I'm Santa.
but I really am.
You need to leave.
Look your grandmother used
to write children's books.
"Kirra the Christmas Elf."
Who told you that?
That was you?
No. it can't you're so young.
Look. I need that
key.
or else Christmas is
gonna be gone forever.
I'll be right back.
Come over here.
♪ Such a magic moment ♪
So you weren't lying. you're
Santa?
Yes. I really am Santa.
I'm sorry. Santa. I didn't
know.
It's okay just I need that
key.
Thank you.
I'm coming too.
No. you can't.
No one will know I'm gone.
isn't time different in the
North Pole like it slows down.
- Yeah. but...
- I'm coming.
Let me help.
Fine. okay.
Wow. so this is the workshop?
It's the empty workshop.
Where are all the elves?
Where's Winnie?
Is that Winnie?
Well. I didn't expect this.
You're not gonna get
away with this. Winnie.
Oh.
I'm getting that strange
feeling again.
I think it's too late.
Get the key.
Why are you doing this?
Who are you?
Look at the little guy.
Oh nutcracker.
I'm Kirra and you don't have
to do this.
Wrong. I want to do this.
You chose the wrong day to
come visit the North Pole.
Lock them both with Mrs. Claus.
Let them say goodbye.
You did it boss.
You ended Christmas.
I did it.
I now own the North Pole.
Don't you mean we own North
Pole.
I. we. whatever.
You're my assistant.
You assist me.
Oh nutcracker.
Goodbye Santa.
Christmas can still be saved.
We are stuck in this place.
I have searched every inch of
this cell.
there's no way out.
But I have the key.
And we are in here.
I'm sorry. I'm afraid it's too
late.
I'll do it.
Lovey.
I can do it.
Give me the key we don't have
much time.
Yes. it's okay. give her the
key.
Here.
Go.
We still have a chance. right?
Let's hope so.
Not so fast.
Olie. you have to let me
pass there's no more time.
No matter what you're
thinking do the right thing.
I have to get to the
time candy cane. okay.
there's no more time.
Go now I ain't see you.
Thank you Olie.
Not so fast.
Winnie hi.
Nice try Lobby.
It's Lovey.
It doesn't matter.
Olie. I saw you.
You disappoint me.
You're gonna destroy
Christmas.
We're elves we need Christmas.
Give me the key.
What key?
I'm gonna ask you one more
time.
There are two keys.
How stupid of me.
I totally forgot about the
second key.
Now give me the other key.
Christmas is mine.
Olie. you are just not cut out
for this.
Now I have both the keys
and there is nothing any
of you can do about
Winnie?
Are you sure you have the key?
What are you talking about?
Look again.
That looks delicious.
No.
I don't know what.
I think it's too late for you.
Winnie.
Merry Christmas.
No. Lobby.
No. what have you done?
Holy nutcracker.
So cool.
Welcome back Santa Claus.
That was the craziest
experience of my life.
- Are you okay?
- I'm Fine.
Sorry to interrupt.
but how are we gonna get out of
here?
Well. if I remember correctly.
What are you doing?
Santa always has a trick
up his sleeve.
That was amazing Santa.
That was amazing.
wasn't it?
Santa. welcome back.
I'm back.
Santa. I can explain.
see. Winnie she hi...
Stopped talking Olie.
go. leave the North Pole.
- Santa but I...
- Olie. listen to Santa.
Where is Winnie?
Santa?
It worked.
Yes it did. Lovey.
Thank you.
Olie helped me.
If it wasn't for Olie
I never would have gotten past
Winnie.
Olie gave me a chocolate
key and we switched it.
and Winnie he fell for it.
Lovey stands still and watch
this.
Okay.
Olie?
Yes boss.
Call me Santa.
Okay boss. I mean Santa.
Take Winnie to the candy king
jail.
Yes boss.
Let's go.
My friends are never gonna
believe this.
Lovey. call in the elves.
Already done Santa.
Yeah. welcome back Santa.
This is fantastic.
I love Santa.
it's just amazing to be in here.
Hey. you can just breath.
okay?
Well. there's only one
more thing left to do.
Lovey. you are my new head elf.
Really?
You earned it. Lovey.
It was very brave what you
did. Lovey.
I almost gave up.
Hi. Santa's Merry Christmas.
Hello. Merry Christmas.
Aw. she's so cute.
She's actually 105
years old.
Oh. still cute
though.
Santa. we've got a lot of work
to do.
Oh yes. we do
have a lot of work to do.
Welcome back elves.
I'm sorry. I've been gone for
a while but I am back now.
and we are gonna have to work
harder
than we've ever worked before.
but that's okay because I
believe
in every single one of you.
Now let me introduce you
to our new head elf. Lovey.
Take it away Lovey.
Okay. thanks Santa.
Thanks. Mrs. Class.
Okay elves. let's get to work.
Let's make this a Christmas to
remember.
Let's save Christmas.
What can I do?
Today. you are Kirra. the
Christmas elf.
This is all you. Lovey.
Well done.
Thank you for believing
in me. Mrs. Claus.
You're welcome.
but I always knew you could do
it.
Did you actually think you
could ruin Christmas. Winnie?
You almost did.
Well. try to have a Merry
Christmas.
Not bad better than a real
elf.
Don't tell them I said that.
Okay. you're ready.
Do you have your key?
Ops. I do not.
Santa. here is your key.
There it is.
Look. I want you back
you back here Santa Claus.
so stop losing it.
Thank you. Kirra.
Thank you for believing in me.
I'm sorry it took me
so long to believe you.
It's okay.
It must have been a little
weird to have a teenager go.
"Hey. hey. I'm Santa Claus."
Just for the record you
were a pretty cool teenager.
Thank you Kirra.
Thank you for everything.
Now okay.
Look. it's time to go and
do what you do. Santa Claus.
Thank you. everyone.
Merry Christmas to all
and to all a good night.
Merry Christmas. Santa.
Merry Christmas. Mrs. Claus.
Merry Christmas. Kirra.
Now. it's time to get you home.
This is gonna feel a little
weird.
Santa?
I knew you wouldn't forget me.
Forget you?
How can I forget you. you saved
Christmas.
Your elf saved Christmas
I just had the key
for a long time.
I'm sorry I didn't believe you
sooner
it just didn't make sense.
It all worked in the end.
Come to think of it walk
around all year long
with a Santa suit.
probably did look a little nuts.
Yeah. kind of.
And I see you haven't
put out the presence yet.
Do you need some help?
Oh my goodness. I would
love that. thank you.
This isn't shaped like coal.
You can open it.
Really?
It's a gift from me to you.
Thank you Santa.
My grandma's book?
My grandma's book.
How?
Magic.
So cool. my grandmother would
read this
to us every Christmas.
I loved it so much.
She was so great.
Yes. she was.
This means so much to me.
Santa.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Well. I best be going.
a lot more presents to
deliver. a lot more.
One more thing.
The key.
Well. not the key. but a key.
A little less shrinking.
maybe a little younger though.
Man. I was good at skating.
Well. I better get going.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas Santa.
Thank you for everything.
Remember. never stop
believing.
I won't Santa. I won't.